1;
2;
3;
4;
5;
6;
7;
8;
9;
10;This armament has no skill.
If the armament in the other hand has a skill, that skill will be used instead.
100;Somersault forwards, striking foes with armament.
101;Build power, then lunge forward for a strong thrust that pierces an enemy's guard.
102;Starting with the blade held horizontally, make a powerful thrust that cannot be blocked.
103;Slash foes as your body spins.
Additional input allows for a follow-up attack.
104;
105;Quickly charge forward, carrying the momentum into a thrust.
Hold to cover a greater distance.
106;Brace armament and step into a low stance that briefly boosts poise.
Follow up with a strong attack for an upward strike.
107;Brace armament and step into a low stance that briefly boosts poise.
Follow up with a strong attack for a sweeping strike.
108;Unleash a flurry of thrusts that rob the target of both their blood and their HP.
109;Unleash a flurry of thrusts.
110;Swing armament with wild abandon.
Hold to continue swinging. Can be followed up with a normal or strong attack.
111;Perform continuous spinning attacks. Hold to continue the attack. Can be followed up with a normal or strong attack.
112;Perform a crossing slash attack.
Repeated inputs allow for up to two follow-up attacks.
113;Slam armament into the ground to create a surge of flames, then charge in.
Hold to continue the charge.
114;Sheathe blade, holding it at the hip in a composed stance.
Follow up with a normal or strong attack to perform a swift slash attack.
115;This skill starts with the sword held level.
Follow up with a normal attack to slash upwards through enemy's guard, or a strong attack to perform a running thrust.
116;Step forward from a low stance, carrying the momentum into a sudden upward thrust.
117;Thrust torch forward to set foes ablaze.
118;Leap forward, imbuing the blade with magic, then descend, accelerating into a sweeping slash.
119;Slash with a poison-infused blade.
If the follow-up strike lands on a poisoned foe, deal significant damage.
120;Lifts armament into mid-air, then makes it spin violently.
121;
122;Leap forward through surrounding storm winds and thrust armament downward. The attack will produce more storm winds at the point of impact.
123;Spin armament to create surrounding storm winds. Repeated inputs allow for up to two follow-up attacks.
124;Quickly close in to perform a series of spinning upward slashes.
Follow up with an additional input to finish with a downward slash.
125;Spins the striking part of a flail at high speed to attack. Follow up with a normal or strong attack to link the momentum of this skill into a successive attack.
200;Form an arch of magic glintblades overhead, which will attack foes automatically.
Follow up with a strong attack to chain this skill into a lunging thrust.
201;Grants armament's attacks holy essence and fires off a golden blade projectile.
The armament retains its holy essence for a while.
202;Spin armament to release cold magic, then channel it into a piercing spear of ice.
203;Employs the glintstone sorcery of the same name.
Follow up with a strong attack to chain this skill into a lunging thrust.
204;Coat the blade in your own blood to unleash a rending blood slash in a wide arc.
205;A punch with an energy-infused fist that renders foes unconscious and steals their HP.
Only effective against foes of human build.
206;
207;Slam armament into the ground, spawning roiling lava which spouts up upon release.
208;Raise armament aloft in prayer, then slam it into the ground.
This inspired blow restores HP to self and nearby allies if it successfully hits.
209;Thrust the armament into the ground to create a gravity well and pull enemies in.
210;Surround armament with shearing storm winds that can be fired forward.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
211;
212;Thrust armament into the ground, then gather strength to unleash an earth-shaking shockwave.
Follow up with a strong attack to swing the armament in a sweeping strike.
213;Thrust armament into the ground, then gather strength to unleash a blast of sacred energy that coalesces into golden darts.
Follow up with a strong attack to swing the armament in a sweeping strike.
214;Emits flame in a wide frontward arc.
Follow up with a strong attack to coat the armament in fire and perform a lunging, sweeping strike.
215;
216;Raise armament aloft to call down a bolt of lightning.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
217;Call down a bolt of lightning into armament, then swing it down to create an explosive shock. The armament retains the lightning enchantment for a while.
218;Transform blade into a magical greatsword and swing it down.
Can be charged to increase its power by up to two levels.
219;Transform blade into a magical greatsword and swing it down.
Can be charged to increase its power.
220;Hold the armament aloft to surround it with a shearing vacuum, then launch it forwards as a blade-like projectile.
221;Spin armament overhead and then plunge it into the ground to summon a raging vortex of black flames. Hold to create an initial flame tornado while spinning the armament.
222;Gather a sacred ring of light in the armament, then fire it forwards.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
223;Blow into torch flame, spreading flames in a wide frontward arc.
The flames on the ground will continue to burn for a short time.
224;Wound self to coat the armament with blood, then unleash an airborne blood blade that causes hemorrhaging.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
225;Create an apparition who guides a joint lunging upward swing.
Additional input allows for a follow-up attack.
226;Hurl a phantasmic spear at foes.
227;Coat armament in frost and then slash, spreading frigid mist forwards.
The armament retains its frost for a while.
228;Bathe armament in poison and then slash, spreading toxic mist forwards.
The armament retains its poison for a while.
300;Brace behind shield before using bodyweight to ram foes while maintaining guarding stance.
301;Focus your energy into the shield, temporarily hardening it to deflect greater blows.
302;Deflect an attack and break that foe's stance.
This provides an opening to perform a critical hit.
303;Deflect an attack and break that foe's stance.
Activates faster than a regular parry.
304;
305;Dispel incoming sorceries and incantations, transforming the magic into retaliatory glintblades.
Can also be used in the same way as a regular parry.
306;Create a wall of storm winds in front of you, deflecting arrows and other such physical projectiles.
Can also be used in the same way as a regular parry.
307;Deflect enemy attacks and break their stance.
Effective even at a slight distance.
308;Two-hand the shield and charge forwards while maintaining guard. 
Hold to extend the duration of the charge forwards.
309;Deflect sorceries and incantations.
Can also be used in the same way as a regular parry.
400;Hold a greatbow in an oblique stance, then twist the bowstring to fire a mighty greatarrow that can penetrate through enemies.
401;Hold a bow horizontally, then fire off a rapid succession of shots.
402;Ready the bow in an oblique stance, then pull the bowstring to its limit to enhance the power of the shot, penetrating the enemy's guard.
403;
404;Enlivens the arrow with spiritual essence.
The resulting shot will fly faster than regular shots and change its trajectory to follow the target.
405;Ready the bow from a low stance, then fire an arrow high up into the air, arcing so as to strike the enemy from above when it comes down.
406;Ready the bow from a low stance, then fire a burst of arrows into the sky to shower the enemy with projectiles.
501;Stomp hard to spread a trail of freezing mist on the ground.
The mist applies the frost status effect.
502;Stomp hard on the ground to kick up a momentary storm.
503;Push an enemy back with a high kick.
Effective against enemies who are guarding, and can break a foe's stance.
504;Let out a bleat, then tumble forwards, clad in lightning.
Tumbles can be repeated in rapid succession.
505;Produce a powerful burst of flames in a wide frontward arc.
506;Jump up high into the air and crash down on the ground ahead.
The resulting pratfall sends a powerful shockwave in all directions.
507;Jump up high into the air and crash down on the ground ahead.
The resulting pratfall sends golden shockwaves in all directions.
508;Plunge armament into the ground to release three waves of darkness.
Follow up with a strong attack to swing the armament in a sweeping strike.
509;Slam both hands onto the ground to violently shake the earth and unleash a shockwave.
Follow up with an additional input to slam the ground again.
600;Pledge your resolve, powering up your next attack.
601;Pledge your resolve, greatly powering up your next attack.
602;Masks the user's presence at the cost of a self-inflicted wound.
Grants near-invisibility and silences footsteps.
603;Grants self and nearby allies increased attack power and damage negation.
604;Perform a salute and grant the armament holy essence.
Highly effective against Those Who Live in Death.
605;Grant the armament and those of nearby allies holy essence.
Highly effective against Those Who Live in Death.
606;Plunge the blade into your stomach to stain it with blood. Increases attack power and improves ability to inflict blood loss.
607;Bury the armament in the ground, pulling rocks from the earth to reinforce it.
Increases attack power and makes it easier to break enemy stance.
650;Let loose a bestial roar to rally the spirit and increase attack power.
While active, strong attacks change to savage combo attacks.
651;Give a war cry to rally the spirit and increase attack power.
While active, strong attacks change to charging attacks.
652;Unleash a beastly roar, rending the air as a forward-travelling projectile.
653;Let out an intense roar, generating a powerful shockwave that blows back surrounding foes.
Follow up with a strong attack to slam the armament down.
654;A boastful roar that raises attack power, damage negation, and stamina recovery speed
700;Brace for incoming attacks, briefly boosting poise.
Damage taken while using this skill is reduced.
701;Hold shield aloft to imbue yourself with golden power, granting momentary invincibility.
702;Raise shield to create an Erdtree-consecrated area that continuously restores HP and boosts damage negation.
800;Perform a quickstep maneuver that allows for circling around lock-on targets.
801;Become temporarily invisible while dodging at high speed.
This skill can be used to circle around lock-on targets.
802;Duck into a low stance, momentarily vanishing.
If an attack is received, nullify the attack and quickly take flight.
850;Create a frontward-facing white shadow.
The apparition lures in foes of human build, drawing their aggression.
1000;Set flames of faith ablaze, then raise them aloft to rain down fireballs in all directions.
Repeated inputs will continue to thrust the armament aloft, continuing the attack.
1001;Ready the shield, then launch a fireball from the barrel.
The fireball explodes on impact.
1002;Ready the shield, then spray violent jets of fire.
Hold to continue spraying fire.
This skill can be used while walking.
1003;Blow on the horn to release a magic bubble.
The bubble floats gently through the air towards its target.
1004;Blow on the horn to release a spume of magic bubbles.
The bubbles float gently before raining down on the target.
1005;Blow on the horn to release a massive magic bubble.
The bubble floats gently through the air towards its target.
1006;Swing a whip overhead to cover the surrounding area in a sea of magma.
Hold to continue swinging the whip.
1007;Bring the bronze viper to life, inciting it to lash out and bite foes.
1008;Raise the sword aloft, bathing it in the light of the dark moon.
Temporarily increases magic attack power and imbues blade with frost.
Strong attacks release blasts of moonlight.
1009;Thrust the weapon in a spiraling motion, surrounding it in a vortex of wind.
Charged attacks can fire the tornado forwards.
1010;Hoist the war banner aloft and give a rallying command.
Raises attack power and damage negation for self and nearby allies.
1011;Spew the flames of a small dragon over a wide frontward area.
1012;Infuse the sword with energy, then fling it forwards in a corkscrew attack.
Charge the attack to increase reach and duration of the spin.
1013;Raise the greathorn's wings to summon a soul-sapping miasma.
Enemies in the affected area will temporarily suffer from reduced damage negation.
1014;Raise the sacred sword aloft to set it ablaze with blasphemous flames, then bring it down to fire off a forward blast.
The flames steal HP from those they touch.
1015;Lets out a horrific scream that reduces all damage negation for nearby foes.
While active, strong attacks will change to a combo attack.
1016;Launch blades that cause blood loss.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
1017;Launch glintstone pebbles.
Charge the skill to launch glintstone darts. Follow up with a strong attack to chain this skill into a lunging thrust.
1018;Temporarily transforms armament into its liquid form.
Swing the armament like a whip to perform a sweeping slice over a wide area.
1019;Hold the sword level and prepare to cast a sorcery.
Follow up with a normal attack to cast the Night Comet sorcery, or a strong attack to sweep forward with a burst of flames.
1020;Imbue the sword with bygone golden glory, then fire it at foes.
A wide, golden wave fans out forwards.
1021;Swing the sword to bathe its blade in ghostflame.
1022;Raise the armament, releasing a golden explosion.
Repeated inputs send out waves of golden light.
1023;Releases a faint purple mist that spreads across a wide frontwards area.
This mist inflicts the sleep ailment upon foes.
1024;Thrust the spear high to summon a downpour of spectral spears.
1025;Infuse the greatsword with frost, then leap forward and plunge it into the ground. Then, pull it out to release a cold blast.
1026;Temporarily transform into a red thundercloud and fly through the air, then plunge down with a lightning-infused blade.
Hold to increase the reach of the thundercloud form.
1027;Brace, then charge forward to deliver a downward diagonal slice. The bloody trail of the blade is followed by a burst of flame.
Additional input allows for a follow-up attack.
1028;Perform a series of one-footed leaps to unleash a swift yet graceful slashing combo.
Repeated inputs allow for up to two follow-up attacks.
1029;Leap up high and imbue the rune shard with light before smashing it down hard upon the ground.
1030;Repeatedly smash the Axe of Godrick into the ground, unleashing two earth-shaking shockwaves.
Follow up with an additional input to produce a third shockwave.
1031;Let loose a mighty war cry, raising attack power, while sending out a shockwave that cannot be guarded against by stomping the ground.
While active, strong attack becomes a lunging slash.
1032;Roar into the skies and pull in enemies with a gravitational wave.
Follow up with an additional input to slam down with gravity-infused swords.
1033;Raise the sword up high, then strike it against the ground to fire off a wave of gravitational force.
1034;Raise the sacred spear and pierce the body of the Formless Mother. Stab up to three times, creating explosions of blood with each thrust.
This skill will coat the armament with bloodflame for a while.
1035;Temporarily transforms armament into its liquid form. Swing the armament like a whip to strike surroundings before slamming its teardrop-shaped head down.
1036;Unleash the power of the Rune of Death to fire off a blade-like projectile.
The blade reduces the enemy's maximum HP and continues to wear down HP for a while.
1037;Leap into the air, shoot golden flames as a single, blade-like projectile.
1038;Plunge the greatsword into the ground to summon a myriad of blades.
This attack reduces the enemy's maximum HP and continues to wear down HP for a short time.
1039;Strike the wheel against the ground to set it spinning at top speed. Hold to keep the wheel spinning.
1040;Thrust the armament into the ground to create a gravity well that pulls enemies in.
1041;Thrust the armament into the ground to create a gravity well that sends enemies flying away.
1042;Temporarily raises all attributes for a certain duration. While the oath's effects are active, poise will also be increased.
1043;Call down a bolt of ice lightning into the blade and bring it down upon a foe.
The ice lightning effect will persist for a while.
1044;Slam the hammer into the ground, rending the land asunder with the armament's five bestial claws.
1045;Imbue the weapon with the Giants' Flame and lash out in a wide range with a series of agile swings.
1046;Cause the finger to swell, then flex to give enemies an almighty flick.
1047;Imbue the Naturalborn's stars with magic.
This attack leaves a dark cloud of stars in its wake that lingers briefly before exploding.
1048;Thrust out the barbed rod and set its tip alight with ghostflame.
Follow up with a normal attack to set the ground ablaze with ghostflame, or a strong attack to trigger a massive explosion.
1049;Imbue the armament with red lightning, then throw it as a spear.
Can be charged to increase its power.
1050;Imbue the spear with the flame of frenzy and leap forwards, plunging it into the ground and setting off a maddening explosion.
The skill inflicts both the enemy and the user with madness.
1051;Summon Miquella's shining halo and fire it forwards.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
1052;Cross the two swords to grant their attacks holy essence.
While in effect, strong attack performs a dual-wielding combo attack.
1053;Raise the weapon to grant the effect of Sacred Order to yourself and allies in the vicinity.
Particularly effective at laying to rest Those Who Live in Death.
1054;Imbue the blade with light, extending its length, then strike with a sudden sweeping attack.
This attack cannot be blocked.
1055;Infuse the sword with energy, then fling it forwards in a corkscrew attack.
Charge the attack to increase reach and duration of the spin.
1056;Slash with magic-enwreathed blade.
The magic coating lasts for some time.
1165;Leap forward, imbuing the blade with magic, then descend, accelerating into a sweeping slash.
1166;Slash at foes in a twirling motion while imbuing weapon with ice lightning.
Additional input allows for a follow-up attack.
1167;Lift the sword up high to release the power of corpse wax and launch it forwards as a blade-like projectile.
1168;Plunge the curved sword into the ground and unleash a freezing storm that batters the surroundings.
1169;Ready the bow from a low stance and fire a sudden flurry of arrows up into the sky. The arrows will pour on foes like rain.
1170;Set the blade ablaze with the god-slaying black flame before delivering a sweeping slash.
Additional input allows for a follow-up attack. The black flames will continue to wear down HP for a while.
1171;Nimbly avoid an attack, securing some distance from foes.
Follow up with strong attack to perform a sudden lunge, and press strong attack again to perform a sweeping slice.
1172;Slash at foes in a twirling motion while scattering magma all around.
Additional input allows for a follow-up attack.
1173;Imbue the Naturalborn's wings with magic to send forth a dark cloud of stars that lingers briefly before exploding.
1174;Imbue the weapon with the Prince of Death's flames, inflicting the death ailment upon foes.
Follow up with an additional input to bring down the armament, triggering an explosion.
1175;Slash upwards to perform a backwards somersault and gain some distance from foes.
Follow up with a strong attack to perform the Bloodhound's Step attack.
1176;Leap forwards, smashing the weapon into the ground and triggering a blast of magma.
Follow up with an additional input to perform a chopping attack.
1177;Forms a blade of cursed blood for repeated, interweaving successive attacks.
Follow up with an additional input for further successive attacks.
1178;Sheathe blade, holding it at the hip in a composed stance. Follow up with either a normal or a strong attack to draw the blade at great speed for an instant slash attack.
Both attacks fire off a wave of light.
1179;Leap at foe to perform a flurry of tornado-like attacks.
Follow up with an additional input to perform an attack that ends in an evasive maneuver.
1180;
1181;
1182;Raise the scepter to manifest the realm of the All-Knowing. Enemy magic and holy damage negation will be reduced for all within the area, including the caster.
1183;Strike the scepter against the ground to steal the HP of all nearby enemies.
1184;Gently rattle the copper heads to summon vengeful spirits that chase down foes.
1185;Raise the axe aloft to summon those lost in death.
1186;Imbue the blade with lightning and swing it around to create a tempestuous lightning storm.
Follow up with an additional input to perform up to two spinning attacks.
The lightning will cling to the blade for a while.
1187;Erect a palisade of golden spears frontwards.
1188;Perform a powerful forward lunge and follow up with an upward thrust via additional input.
1189;Jump and imbue the blade with light, then deliver a slashing attack upon the enemy.
1190;Thrust the prosthetic leg blade into the ground, creating a storm.
Follow up with a strong attack to perform a lightning-infused jumping attack.
1191;Imbue the blade with light, then lunge forward with a sudden piercing attack.
This attack cannot be blocked.
1192;Channel magic into the glintstone to activate an ancient sorcery, producing floating magic projectiles that chase enemies automatically.
1193;Jump up high into the air and crash down on the ground ahead. The resulting pratfall sends golden shockwaves in all directions.
1194;Sends a bolt crashing down a short distance away.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
1195;Blow into the candlestick's flame, creating a stream of hazy purple fire to cover the ground ahead.
The intoxicating flames inflict the sleep ailment upon foes.
1196;Ready the shield to unleash its protective incantation.
This will dispel sorceries and incantations, retaliating with golden power.
1197;Incite the jellyfish's wrath and allow its fury to flow through you.
Raises attack power for a certain duration.
1198;Spin the entire sword in mid-air, building momentum before slamming the blade down onto the ground.
This skill can be charged to increase its power.
1199;Suspends the scepter in mid-air and cause it to spin violently.
1200;Readying weapon gathers the power of the storm. Attacking unleashes the whirling tempest.
1201;Readying weapon gathers the power of the storm. Attacking unleashes the whirling tempest.
1202;Readying weapon gathers the power of the storm. Attacking unleashes the whirling tempest.
1203;Readying weapon gathers the power of the storm. Attacking unleashes the whirling tempest.
1204;Readying weapon gathers the power of the storm. Attacking unleashes the whirling tempest.
1205;Readying weapon gathers the power of the storm. Attacking unleashes the whirling tempest.
70000;